ReadMe.md, before:

# ARX-7

A dumb IRC bot that wishes it had a Lambda Drive.

## Commands

1. **Choose Command:** When a user types `.c <list>` as a message, ARX-7 will try to randomly select an entry in `<list>`. The following formats are recognized:
  * `1-100`: When given a range in this format, a random number within the given range is chosen and returned.
  * `0-1.0`: When given a decimal range in a similar format, a random number to the highest level of decimal points passed in as part of the range will be returned. For instance, `.c 0-1.0` could return `0.8`, while `1.000-3.37` could return `2.862`.
  * `a list, of different, phrases`: When commas are present, ARX-7 will treat them as delimiters
  * `a list of words`: When there are no commas present, ARX-7 will use spaces as delimiters
2. **Order Command:** When a user types `.o <list>` as a message, ARX-7 will try to order the contents of `<list>`. The following formats are recognized:
  * `1-100`: When given a range in this format, up to twenty random numbers are chosen and returned.
  * `a list, of different, phrases`: When commas are present, ARX-7 will treat them as delimiters
  * `a list of words`: When there are no commas present, ARX-7 will use spaces as delimiters
3. **YouTube Command:** When a user types `.yt <search string>` as a message, ARX-7 will search YouTube and return the first video it finds with the corresponding `<search string>`.
4. **YouTube Link Recognition:** When a YouTube link is in a message, ARX-7 will automatically grab some information such as movie title and total views to display in a message.
5. **Tweet Link Recognition:** When a Twitter link is in a message, ARX-7 will automatically grab some information such as tweet contents, username, and display name to display in a message.
6. **Imgur Link Recognition:** When a Imgur link is in a message, ARX-7 will automatically grab some information such as title and total views to display in a message.
7. **Replies:** Although only one is needed, a few silly phrases are present for debug reasons:
  * `Ping`: ARX-7 will respond with `pong`
  * `bot respond`: ARX-7 will respond with `I'm a pretty stupid bot.`
  * `bot be nice`: ARX-7 will respond with `sorry :(`
  * `gj bot`: ARX-7 will respond with `thx`
  * `thx bot`: ARX-7 will respond with `np`
8. **Time** When the user types `.time <timezone>` as a message, ARX-7 will automatically respond with the current time in the specified zone.

## Setup

### Production Environment

```
$ npm install
$ npm run build
$ npm run arx7
```

### Dev Environment

```
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

Docker instructions further down.

## Configuration

You'll need to create a config file. Use the `.config.json` sample file, configuring as you wish. When you're finished, rename it to `config.json`.

### Using Docker

Create the `config.json` file, then build and run the image:

```
docker build -t arx-7 .
docker run --rm -ti arx-7
```

## Discussion

We hang in `#arx-7` on Rizon

Commit message:

Remove Imgur
Also updates ReadMe

ReadMe.md, after:

# ARX-7

A dumb IRC bot that wishes it had a Lambda Drive.

## Commands

The bot comes with some standard commands, including choose, eightball, order, reply, and twitter modules. Some channels will also be able to access Showtimes information (these commands are fairly specialized).

## Setup

You'll need Node v6.4+ installed. Download the repo and run `$ npm install`.

Modify the `config.json` file as desired. If no plugins are listed for a channel, the channel loads every command available.

Some command require specific keys. Create a `.env` file in the directory with the following contents:

```
PASSWORDCHANNELNAME=channelpassword
ARX7_PASS=nspassword
SHOWTIMES_SERVER=https://urlhere.com
SHOWTIMES_KEY=showtimeskey
TWITTER_CONSUMER=token
TWITTER_CONSUMER_SECRET=secrettoken
TWITTER_ACCESS_TOKEN=accesstoken
TWITTER_ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET=tokensecret
```

Once done, you can start the bot by running

```
$ npm start
```

Docker instructions further down.

### Using Docker

Create the `config.json` file, then build and run the image:

```
docker build -t arx-7 .
docker run --rm -ti arx-7
```

## Discussion

We hang in `#arx-7` on Rizon
